huh it's niger again well i could pay so
many stories stories about my mom I'm
gonna tell you this one she had this
time now and what she did she she pulled
it and she pulled the nail and the skin
and it started to bleed it was hard and
her really bad so she read on the
internet but if you got super glue and
put it on bear it that were helping so
she was not the super glue and similar
was hard on me so she had to cut it off
mommy put a dab of it on her heart opens
hangnail and it came off with a big glob
she figured well ill dry and I was good
so we was watching TV waiting for it to
dry and for some reason want to touch
your finger to her lips probably because
it was throbbing in pain that's what she
said and now she has super glue on her
hips her finger stuck to her lips so
quickly she's able to give her fingers
from her lips but then she cooked her
lips together and never ribs are stuck
together oh my god what am I gonna do
with my mommy I swear anyone she was
afraid to face today but but she was
able to peel that bloom from her lips it
took her a long time yeah I think she's
through the superglue way I don't know
what trials and tribulations of my money
oo ever done okay make it turn up Wow